Hehehe. So. i was recued about the attorney.
Do. Because they can't work remote because everything is like WebEx now?
Can you have an attorney from like L.A.
Do a case in Boston. And do they get paid the same? or.
I could, could, I'm wondering if they have to have like a bar to practice.
They can only practice a certain state.
Right.
That's so interesting.
Yes, yes, yes.
Uhuh. So we obviously it's immigration court
So we'll, we'll  go like some more of,
our doctor and our therapist will go testify.
Um. For the cases if you know the
they require to back up their report that they wrote for the client but like
Uh. The case managers will just go as a support because we don't testify, so, we can be the
There's as an emotional support, like just sit in the background and do nothing.
It's  immigration court, so they have, they have one and.
In Santa Ana for the Orange County.
They have one in Van Nuys for like the valley.
Then, they have one in downtown, like the Los Angeles court.
It's kind of by a little Tokyo and, and, Plaza Olvera.
And then they have the one of the LAX. That one used to be on Olive Street.
And, they move it to like a... close,
to LAX. It's not in LAX. It's like
Yeah.
Yeah...
So, so, those, those judges will strictly do immigration court.
like cases because you guys know the backlogs like
Hehehe. And LA has such a high number of cases.
Taking the thousands. Hehe.
Yeah. Like. They're waiting for their court case.
So they'll be on our caseload for like 10 years.
until there's some kind of and even after they like if they get asylum or they say they didn't
We'll still keep them on as long as we can to help support them through the next stages.
But, but, because our therapist and our doctor
are so good, we have a high
We have a high rate of asylum that's granted as opposed to them off,
Yeah. Because they do such a good job.
We could tell if they have a strong case in mind and they're like really likely to.
Um. For example...
because like oh i don't know now because, they're, they're changing all this stuff right but before